Switch Signify service to use mTLS (#11777)
kyma-project/test-infra: cmd/image-builder/README.md

> [!NOTE]
> Image Builder signs images built on the push and workflow_dispatch events only. Images built on the pull_request_target event are not signed.

## Image Signing with Signify

Image Builder signs images using the Signify service, ensuring that images come from trusted repositories and have not been tampered with.

### Updated Signing Process

The authentication to the Signify API has been updated from using `role id/secret id` to mTLS. This change introduces the following updates:

- **mTLS Authentication**: Image Builder now uses a client certificate/private key pair for authentication with the Signify API. These credentials are valid for 7 days, after which they must be rotated.
- **Automated Rotation**: The certificate rotation must occur every 7 days. The new certificate/private key pair must be generated using the previous pair before they expire.

> The Signify API's structure has also been updated. For more information, refer to the official [Signify API Documentation](https://pages.github.tools.sap/Repository-Services/Signify/how_to/manage_signatures/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Signify API's structure has also been updated. For more information, see the official [Signify API Documentation](https://pages.github.tools.sap/Repository-Services/Signify/how_to/manage_signatures/).
```

> > **Note**: Images are only signed when built on `push` and `workflow_dispatch` events. Pull request images are not signed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Images are only signed when built on `push` and `workflow_dispatch` events. Pull request images are not signed.
```

### Signify API Changes

> The JSON structure for signing has changed slightly. You can review the new structure and examples in the [Signify API Documentation](https://pages.github.tools.sap/Repository-Services/Signify/how_to/manage_signatures/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON structure for signing has changed. See the new structure and examples in the [Signify API Documentation](https://pages.github.tools.sap/Repository-Services/Signify/how_to/manage_signatures/).
```
